nome do usuário: beltrano
gênero: masculino
idade: 19
filme predileto: vingadores
local predileto: bar do zé
livro: 1984
hobby: cinema
esporte: corrida

nome do usuário:ciclano
gênero: feminino
idade: 21
filme predileto: prometheus
local predileto: praça xv
livro: feliz ano velho
hobby: leitura
esporte: ping pong

nome do usuário:magrini
gênero: feminino
idade: 19
filme predileto: prometheus
local predileto: bar do zé
livro: guia do mochileiro
hobby: ser jacaré
esporte: natacao

nome do usuário:marlon
gênero: masculino
idade: 19
filme predileto: vingadores
local predileto: bar do zé
livro: guia do mochileiro
hobby: ser jacaré
esporte: futebol

nome do usuário: feliz
gênero: masculino
idade: 21
filme predileto: barbie
local predileto: usp
livro: design is my passion
hobby: lol
esporte: lol

nome do usuário: wellington
gênero: masculino
idade: 21
filme predileto: barbie
local predileto: usp
livro: design is my passion
hobby: lol
esporte: lol
